Welcome back.
I want to show you one last thing that I think is really really cool and because we've learned about
object oriented programming.
This should make sense to you.
Now you see the error
constructor is an object right.
That we can extend from.
So for example if I had a class that I'll just create and call it authentication error and we extend
from air well we can inherit all the properties of error and add onto it or change things.
So I can say constructor will receive a message and this message will.
Well first of all call the super method with the message.
So however the message gets handled in authentication error will be handled the exact same way that
it does in error.
So it calls the constructor of error.
But on top of that I want to change the name of this error to authentication error and also this dot
maybe we want to add something else something completely useless like favorite snack which is obviously
grapes let's see how this would work if I do throw new authentication error with a message saying whoopsie
and I click Run.
And it should be extends here not extend let's make this a little bit bigger.
There you go.
I click Run look at that.
I get an authentication error with whoopsie.
The cool part is that if I do let's say cost A equals new authentication error and I do a will make
sure I spelled out right const and I do a dot favorite snack look at that favorite snack of authentication
error is grapes.
How cool is that using this way of handling errors.
Imagine you're running a node server and you want to make sure that you handle errors correctly.
Now the tricky part here is that when you throw an error to let's say a user you don't want to reveal
too much information about your system because hackers and bad actors might use that information to
compromise your system so you don't necessarily want to just throw any error to the user so that they
can see for example in a node server you never want to return a response with a full error with a stack
trace of the error where it happened and all that information so you can actually use this to customize
the errors that you may have.
For example using this same method you might want to create let's say a database error and by the way
these should be capitalized because there are classes.
So that is the standard
so database error.
What else will we have.
Well maybe we might have permission errors so I can say permission error.
We'll have different things like we'll change this too.
Permission error database error and we can have different properties on it but this way we're extending
our error constructor or error class into different compartments so that our errors can be handled in
different ways.
And these are reusable right so other people in our program can now use authentication air database
air and permission air without having to really worry about maybe even things that might not need to
be revealed to the users.
Maybe you don't even need to pass a message to this maybe you just want to have a default message that
is in here like grapes so that when I call the database error
even though I pass it a message and I run this well it's only going to receive grapes so that instead
of relying on everybody on your team all the programmers to make sure that they return the correct type
of error that doesn't reveal too much information we can just handle it within this space from one location.
Now we can just create instances of each error.
So for example a will be an instance of the database error.
So if I run this I get true.
How cool is that.
Good job getting this far.
I'll see you in the next video.